So what did we learn? We learned what is a relational database?
We learned about what makes a database a relational database,
and cobs 12 rules of relational database design.
We learned about the difference between different types of workloads for databases that
they use the OLTP and the OLAP type of workloads.
We learned about normalization,
which is the process of database normalization and normal forms.
We walked through a demo on this process and did an exercise.
Denormalization.
We learned about denormalization and when it should be used.
We will use this information a lot in our next section.
We learned about facts and dimension tables as
a concept and how to apply that toward data modeling.
Star and SnowFlake Schema.
We learned about how the Star SnowFlake Schemas use the concept of fact and
dimension tables to make getting values out of your data easier.
Remember that data modeling is a skill,
and that is and should be independent of any type of database you're working with.
Once you have these skills,
you'll be able to transfer these skills to any database you are working with.
Until the next lesson, thank you.